bumped to 0.7.0, updated README and change-notes (#525) (#526)
redhat-developer/intellij-kubernetes: README.md

 - Navigate into Kubernetes workloads, services, pods and nodes
 - Switching contexts and namespaces within Kubernetes
 - Follow logs from the connected cluster resource

>  - Open terminal to containers running on the connected cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Open a Terminal Shell to a Running Container in the connected cluster
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support [init containers](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/) workflow. These are specialized containers that run before app containers in a [Pod](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/). Init containers can contain utilities or setup scripts not present in an app image
```

Author: To me these bullet points should be key points of what's possible. You added 3 full sentences. I'd move the explanations further down to he text even though there's already text about it in follow logs and terminal.

Reviewer: I think this work with bullet point.

Author: I think that this is far too long for an overview. I especially notice this when reading all the bullet points. It's striking how these are very short but the last one is very verbose.

#### Delete Resources
You may delete any resource that is listed in the resource tree by choosing "Delete" in the context menu.

#### Follow Logs

> IntelliJ-Kubernetes extension allows you to follow logs of the cluster resources such as Pods, Jobs and Builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IntelliJ Kubernetes extension allows you to follow logs of the cluster resources such as Pods, Jobs and Builds.
```

There is a dedicated tab to display the log messages for the selected Kubernetes resource.

![logs](images/logs.png)

> #### Open Terminals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Open Terminal Shell To Running Container
```

> You can open a terminal to a container that's running on the connected cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin allows you to open a terminal shell for the running container on the connected cluster.
You can open a terminal to a container that's running on the connected cluster.
```

Author: 2nd line is most likely a leftover

> You select a resource such as a Pod, a Job or a Build and choose "Terminal" in the context menu.

Reviewer: The user can open the Kubernetes resources such as Pod, Build and open that in the Terminal Shell using the context menu action `Terminal`.

> The terminal tab then allows you to switch between the containers of your resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the containers for your Kubernetes resources are listed down in the Terminal View and the user can select the appropriate container and switch between them as needed.
```

![logs](images/terminal.png)

## Data and Telemetry

> The JetBrains IntelliJ Kubernetes plugin collects anonymous [usage data](https://github.com/redhat-developer/intellij-kubernetes/blob/master/USAGE_DATA.md) and sends it to Red Hat servers to help improve our products and services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `Kubernetes by Red Hat` plugin collects anonymous [usage data](https://github.com/redhat-developer/intellij-kubernetes/blob/main/USAGE_DATA.md) and sends it to Red Hat servers to help improve our products and services.
```

#### Delete Resources
You may delete any resource that is listed in the resource tree by choosing "Delete" in the context menu.

#### Follow Logs of Running Containers

IntelliJ Kubernetes extension allows you to follow logs of the cluster resources such as Pods, Jobs and Builds.
There is a dedicated tab to display the log messages for the selected Kubernetes resource.
All the containers for your Kubernetes resources are listed down in the Terminal View and the user can select the appropriate container and switch between them as needed.

> Init containers, that are run before the app containers, are listed and can be selected, too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This also lists down the `init` containers also user can select to see the logs. 
```

#### Delete Resources
You may delete any resource that is listed in the resource tree by choosing "Delete" in the context menu.

#### Follow Logs of Running Containers

IntelliJ Kubernetes extension allows you to follow logs of the cluster resources such as Pods, Jobs and Builds.
There is a dedicated tab to display the log messages for the selected Kubernetes resource.
All the containers for your Kubernetes resources are listed down in the Terminal View and the user can select the appropriate container and switch between them as needed.

> This also lists down the `init` containers also user can select to see the logs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This also lists down the `init` containers which the user can select to see the logs. 
```

![logs](images/logs.png)

#### Open Terminal Shell To Running Container
The plugin allows you to open a terminal shell for the running container on the connected cluster.

> The user can open the Kubernetes resources such as Pod, Build and open that in the Terminal Shell using the context menu action Terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user can open the Kubernetes resources such as Pod, Build in the Terminal Shell using the context menu action Terminal.
```

All the containers for your Kubernetes resources are listed down in the Terminal View and the user can select the appropriate container and switch between them as needed.

> Init containers, that are run before the app containers, are listed and can be selected, too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Init containers, which run before the application containers, are listed down and can be selected to open in the terminal shell.
```
